{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 INFORMATION ABOUT THE KIND OF INFORMATION YOU WILL FIND IN THIS FOLDER:\
\
#### FOR EACH KAFKA TOPIC #### \
\
For each Kafka Topic that is being watched by the framework, one output file will be created with the name of that topic. This file will contain the average value of that topic for each one of the servers that are publishing information on that topic in the Kafka broker. Also, it show the sliding window size of the counter. \
E.g.\
Topic \'93CPU Load\'94 would generate a file called \'93cpuLoad.txt\'94. Lets suppose that two servers are subscribing to that topic (pl2.uni-rostock.de AND localhost), the contents of the file would be something like this:\
\
[[pl2.uni-rostock.de|63|60], [localhost|32|60]]\
\
This means that the server [pl2.uni-rostock.de] has 63% of CPU load and the sliding window size of the counter is 60 seconds. This means that the average CPU load of that server in the past minute is of 63%.\
\
#### GLOBAL RANKING ####\
\
The file GlobalRankings.txt contains the value of how much a server is loaded. The server with the highest number is the one most loaded. This metric is calculated upon the individual values of each server in each one of the topics that they are publishing information about. This metric is the sum of all the percentages that each server has in each one of the topics.\
\
Lets suppose that we have three servers (A, B and C) and three topics (cpuLoad, memLoad, latency). Their current status is the following:\
\
cpuLoad\
[A | 20],  [B | 10], [C | 20]\
\
memLoad\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 [A | 30],  [B | 20], [C | 50]\
\
latency\
[A | 20],  [B | 20], [C | 20] \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
the Global rank would be calculated this way:\
\
	- for each topic it calculates the percentage that each server contribute to the total aggregate amount of that topic:\
\
cpuLoad - the total in that case is 50\
	A - 40% ; B - 20% ; C - 40%\
memLoad -  the total is 100\
	A - 30% ; B - 20% ; C - 50% \
latency - the total is 60\
	A - 33% ; B - 33% ; C - 33%\
\
	- for each server it will add up their percentage in each topic and get the average.\
	\
	A - (40+30+33)/3 = 34\
	B - (20+20+33)/3 = 24\
	C - (40+50+33)/3 = 41\
\
Global Rank:\
	\{A=41, B=34, C=24\}\
\
\
\
\
}